Who are you?
Lord Dou's lieutenant
When will the new general of Heaven Dou be announced?
Will it be your turn as a little lieutenant?
Shut up rich and strong
In the results just released
Is there any misunderstanding?
Why are you not satisfied with this result?
Rich and strong adults
Obviously, the combat power shown by Longtai just now is not low.
I meet your requirements again
Why wasn't I on the list?
Without you, there is no you
Do you want to go against the will of Heaven Dou?
How could this be?
You misbehaved
Don't expect Heaven Dou to accept you
Shut up brat
You're just pretending
Since this young master can't be a god general of Heaven Dou
Don't think about it.
Against this young master Wang Zhongqi
You are still a hundred years early
Come on, take him down for me
Did the person who dared to arrest me ask me?
Hua Qiyue turned against Ben twice
Do you think I can't do anything to you?
No matter how urgent the position is
I'm one level above you.
By doing so, you are committing the following offense
Central military order
Fengming Hou Hua Qiyue
Priest A
bad character
Retired the marquis according to military law
Downgraded to civilians